#summary General news
#labels Phase-Design,Featured

==Version 1.4 released; patch updated for 9.8.7-P1 and 9.9.5-P1 (2014.7.23)==

1.4 has been released, which includes fixes for a memory leak and broken IPv6 functionality, as well as clean patches for contemporary BIND versions.

CAVEAT: While these pass the bundled bind tests (make test), but I'm no longer able to test against significant production traffic.  Reports of success or issues would be greatly appreciated.

 * Clean patch against 9.8.7-P1: [http://web.irridia.com/patches/bind-9.8.7-P1-geoip-1.4.patch bind-9.8.7-P1-geoip-1.4.patch] 
 * Clean patch against 9.9.5-P1: [http://web.irridia.com/patches/bind-9.9.5-P1-geoip-1.4.patch bind-9.9.5-P1-geoip-1.4.patch]

Version 2.0 was scrubbed due to the planned incorporation of this patch into BIND 9.10.  Future patches for potentially missing functionality may be made available in the future (e.g., radii).

==Patch updated for 9.9.1-P4 and 9.9.2 (2012.10.09)==

Clean patches are now available for geoip-1.3 against 9.9.1-P4 and 9.9.2.

==Patch updated for 9.9.1-P2 (2012.08.02)==

This is an updated 1.3 patch for BIND 9.9.1-P2.  No functional changes were made.

==Patch updated for 9.9.0 (2012.03.01)==

This is an updated 1.3 patch for BIND 9.9.0.  PLEASE NOTE: Previous patches (with fuzz) will erroneously apply to 9.9.0 and cause hard failure!  Please only apply patches to differing BIND revisions with "patch -F0".

==Version 2.0 in planning (2011.05.12)==

With the release of v1.4.7 of the GeoIP C API, new database types have been made available.  Initial goals for geoip-2.0 are:

  * Support a named.conf config option to alter the directory that the API looks in to find database .dat files.
  * Emit into the named log the name of the directory path in which the API is expecting to find database .dat files.  This will help diagnose the reported installation difficulties.
  * Support any relevant new database editions supported by 1.4.7.
  * Hopefully the geoip-2.0 release will remain compatible with GeoIP C API releases before 1.4.7.  EIther way, geoip-1.3 should remain compatible with all versions.

I haven't received much feedback, but if there's something you'd like me to add/fix/change, let me know!

==Patch updated for 9.8.0-P1 (2011.05.09)==

Patch updated only to bump the version.  Tested successfully in production.

==Patch updated for 9.8.0 (2011.03.16)==

Patch updated only to bump the version and create a new clean diff.  Tested successfully in production.

==Patch updated for 9.7.2-P2 (2010.11.10)==

Patch updated only to bump the version.  Tested successfully in production.

==Patch updated for 9.7.1-P2 (2010.07.15)==

Another simple update to apply cleanly to 9.7.1-P2.  No other changes were made, and 9.7.1+ have been tested successfully.  This also seems to apply to 9.6.x with no fuzz (and the harmless "version" conflict).

==Patch updated for 9.6.1-P3 (2010.01.19)==

Simply updated the patch to apply to the 9.6.1-P3 version string (instead of 9.6.1-P2).  No other changes were made, and 9.6.1-P3 has been tested successfully.

==Version 1.3 Released (2009.12.18)==

This has been tested under IPv4 load, but the IPv6 support has not been stress-tested.  Please give it a try and let us know!

==Version 1.3 (2009.12.14)==

To gain better parity with existing geo-location patches, we will be adding the following features into 1.3:

  * Basic IPv6 support
  * Backwards-compatibility for `country_*;` format from the geodns (and derived) patch.

We're aiming for a 2009.12.18 release.